com.fanshuo.android.floatwifiadb.MyApplication
com.fanshuo.android.floatwifiadb.MyApplication: MyApplication()
com.fanshuo.android.floatwifiadb.R$color: int divider_slide_left
com.fanshuo.android.floatwifiadb.R$color: int holo_blue_bright
com.fanshuo.android.floatwifiadb.R$color: int my_blue
com.fanshuo.android.floatwifiadb.R$color: int my_green
com.fanshuo.android.floatwifiadb.R$color: int my_red
com.fanshuo.android.floatwifiadb.R$color: int my_yellow
com.fanshuo.android.floatwifiadb.R$drawable: int bg_float_button_off
com.fanshuo.android.floatwifiadb.R$drawable: int bg_float_button_off_press
com.fanshuo.android.floatwifiadb.R$drawable: int bg_float_button_on
com.fanshuo.android.floatwifiadb.R$drawable: int bg_float_button_on_press
com.fanshuo.android.floatwifiadb.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
com.fanshuo.android.floatwifiadb.R$drawable: int selector_float_button_off
com.fanshuo.android.floatwifiadb.R$drawable: int selector_float_button_on
com.fanshuo.android.floatwifiadb.R$id: int button1
com.fanshuo.android.floatwifiadb.R$id: int float_button
com.fanshuo.android.floatwifiadb.R$id: int textView
com.fanshuo.android.floatwifiadb.R$layout: int activity_about
com.fanshuo.android.floatwifiadb.R$layout: int view_float
com.fanshuo.android.floatwifiadb.R$string: int about
com.fanshuo.android.floatwifiadb.R$string: int about_body
com.fanshuo.android.floatwifiadb.R$string: int app_name
com.fanshuo.android.floatwifiadb.R$string: int float_text
com.fanshuo.android.floatwifiadb.R$string: int has_close
com.fanshuo.android.floatwifiadb.R$string: int has_open
com.fanshuo.android.floatwifiadb.R$string: int open_float
com.fanshuo.android.floatwifiadb.R$string: int press_again_exit
com.fanshuo.android.floatwifiadb.R$style: int AppBaseTheme
com.fanshuo.android.floatwifiadb.R$style: int AppTheme
com.fanshuo.android.floatwifiadb.R$style: int NoTitleDialog
com.fanshuo.android.floatwifiadb.R$xml: int setting
com.fanshuo.android.floatwifiadb.UserSetting
com.fanshuo.android.floatwifiadb.UserSetting: UserSetting()
com.fanshuo.android.floatwifiadb.ViewService
com.fanshuo.android.floatwifiadb.ViewService: ViewService()
